Taj Mahal 
Agra 
Iconic, beautiful, and jaw dropping — words can never be enough to describe the beauty of this landmark of eternal love. Taj Mahal in Agra, one of the most-admired seven wonders in the world is a classic tale of declaration of love by a Mughal Emperor Shahjahan for his wife, Mumtaz. The artistic masterpiece was built by Shahjahan after the demise of his wife during child birth, as an apparent token of love in her memory. The mausoleum in Agra, Taj Mahal, is India’s most famous monument and a shrine of timeless love. Built between 1632 and 1653 AD by Shahjahan, the 5th Mughal Emperor of the Mughal Dynasty, it took 21 years and 32 crore rupees to come up with this epitome of true love and passion. Its pristine white marble shines brilliantly through the sun rays providing for a visual masterpiece. Taj Mahal was declared as UNESCO world heritage site in 1983 and has been a winner of several laurels ever since. 


Akshardham Temple
Delhi 
The temple, which attracts approximately 70 percent of all tourists who visit Delhi, was officially opened on 6 November 2005. It sits near the banks of the Yamuna adjacent to the 2010 Commonwealth Games village in eastern New Delhi. The temple, at the center of the complex, was built according to the Vastu Shastra and Pancharatra Shastra. In addition to the large central temple crafted entirely of stone, the complex features exhibitions on incidents from the life of Swaminarayan and the history of India, an IMAX feature on the early life of Swaminarayan as the teenage yogi, Nilkanth, a musical fountain on the message of the Upanishads, and large landscaped gardens. The temple is named after a belief in Swaminarayan Hinduism. 


Golden Temple 
Amritsar
The Golden Temple is the most important pilgrimage site for Sikhism in the world. Accordingly, there are thousands and thousands of visitors from all over India and the world visiting this site on a daily basis. Multiple buildings surround the Golden Temple. They house, among other things, areas for religious study, accommodation for pilgrims, and kitchen facilities to feed tens of thousands of people a day. Most areas are open to the public. At your convenience, you are welcome to wander on the campus exploring the different buildings and rooms. We had a private guide lead us through an evening and a morning at the Golden Temple. There were many awe inspiring moments. Here’s why. 1. The Golden Temple is totally encased in gold. At night, thousands of lights shine onto the exterior of the gold to create a dazzling appearance. In front of it, there is a massive man made shallow pond that reflects the lights. The effect of the gold, the lights and the reflection of the gold and the lights onto the pond, is absolutely captivating. 


Kanyakumari Temple 
Kanyakumari
According to Hindu mythology, there are many legends associated with this place. It is said that Kanya Devi was the sister of Lord Krishna, and she is said to remove the rigidity of the mind and is the goddess to pray to when girls want to get married. The most popular legend goes that Devi Kanya, an avatar of Goddess Parvati, was stood up by Lord Shiva on her wedding day when he failed to turn up. Legend says that Lord Narada prevented the wedding from taking place because he could see into the future and could foretell that a demon named Bana would wreak havoc and he could only be killed by a virgin girl. On the morning of the wedding, he sent out a wrong signal to Lord Shiva by letting out the cry of the cock and Shiva thought that the auspicious moment of the wedding, at the early morning, had already passed. The marriage procession returned. All the rice and other grains meant for the wedding were left untouched and uncooked and eventually turned to stone. It is said that the pebbles found on the shore of the Kanyakumari by the sea, which looks like rice grains, are actually the stone turned grains from the wedding that never took place. It is said that the Devi Kanya remained unmarried ever since and performed strict penance at the spot where the temple is now built. Years later, when Bana surfaced, he tried to lure Kanya Devi without realizing who she was. In her rage at being solicited without her permission, Kanya Devi took the image of Bhadrakali and immediately killed Bana and destroyed everything around her. Later, in his dying moment, Bana realized that she was the Goddess Shakti herself and asked for her forgiveness during his final moments. There is no entry fee to go inside the temple but the Kanyakumari temple timings are from 4:30 am in the morning to 12 noon and again from 4 pm to 8 pm. 


Dal Lake 
Kashmir
Over 15km around, Dal Lake is Srinagar's jewel, a vast sheet of water reflecting the carved wooden balconies of the houseboats and the misty peaks of the Pir Panjal mountains. Flotillas of gaily painted shikaras (gondola-like taxi boats) skiff around the lake, transporting goods to market, children to school and travellers to delightful houseboats inspired by originals from the Raj era. Tickets & tours Biking in Ladakh US$50 and up Same Day Gulmarg Trip with Lunch US$120 and up Ladakhi Culinary Tour US$45 and up More tickets & tours If you get up early, you can paddle out to see the floating flower and vegetable market: a colourful spectacle, but one where you can expect plenty of attention from souvenir vendors. For a visual portrait of Dal Lake life, watch the prize-winning 2012 movie Valley of Saints. 

Lotus Temple
New Delhi
The Bahá'í House of Worship is dedicated to the oneness of humanity and religion. It also displays in symbol and action the unity of mankind – the pivotal principle of the Bahá'í Faith. People from all religious backgrounds are welcome here. Each Bahá'í House of Worship will become a centre for social, scientific, educational and humanitarian services, living up to its title of Dawning Place of the Remembrance of God. Since its inauguration to public worship and visits in December 1986, the Bahá’í House of Worship in New Delhi, India has drawn to its portals more than 70 million visitors from across the globe. The House of Worship for the Indian subcontinent welcomes on average of over ten thousand visitors every day, and features prominently in publications, films and television productions. These visitors have admired its universal design in the form of the lotus flower and have been fascinated by the Teachings of the Bahá’í Faith, especially its tenets of the Oneness of God, the Oneness of Religions, and the Oneness of Mankind. The Indian Bahá’í House of Worship joins seven other Bahá’í Houses of Worship around the world: Apia, Western Samoa; Sydney, Australia; Kampala, Uganda; Panama City, Panama; Frankfurt, Germany; Wilmette, USA; Santiago,Chile. It is an offering  by the Baha’i World to humanity solely designed and entirely dedicated to the worship of God . To promote unity through free participation in acts of  worship and service  in a serene atmosphere devoid of  rituals or ceremonies.   